# Southern New Hampshire University  
Project 3 - Software Design document for client  

The Gaming Room client requires an existing app to be deployed to a cloud
based server. They want concurrent users and teams to be able to save their
game state. Pictures will be downloaded and shown towards the teams and they
will each have turns in guessing what the picture is depicting. Draw it or
Lose it is multiplayer and ultra responsive due to the requirement needs being
addressed within this documentation. What I believe is well done is the
ability to translate the multiple requirements into a cohesive uniform
business flow that illustrates the depth of knowledge necessary to deploy this
software built in a previous project to the necessary game clients. Rapidly
deployable Java code and dropwizard configurations allow us to be able to test
the systems before completely sticking with one cloud provided solution. There
are multiple platforms discussed with various security implications addressed
such as authentication and building upon secure and widely used libraries such
as dropwizard. I would improve it by adding the actual game implementation but
due to the other projects and classes that was unfeasible because we worked on
other software applications during the course of the semester. Interpreting
the needs of the clients became easily apparent while coding and structuring
the libraries to interact with the current code that was to be moved to the
cloud to provide a better user experience. Approaching the design with the
consumer in mind allows us as developers to anticipate and react to changes
within a system to better serve a more reliable codebase for players and
future developers. This future is approachable, responsible and good for
business. 
