## Journal Entry
--- 

The client wishes for a learning management platform capable of scheduling students with vehicles and instructors in preparation for DMV tests. The client expressed the need for adequate training before a student decides to take a test at their local DMV. This online web portal would register/login students/employees/instructors and then provide them the appropriate views. We concentrated on students view and the business requirements for the class. This included having UML diagrams depicting use cases for the website. Demonstrating how data would be collected from the student to evaluate efficacy and recieve payment for services rendered such as online courses, on the road training and practice tests. 
The piece that I did particularly well was to go through the entire interview with the product owner and pull from it exactly what they wanted. Focusing my attention and time on that helped me understand what was the ultimate goal they wished to achieve. This allowed me to create a Gantt chart with ease, create valuable UML documents detailing specific use cases to the ones discusssed previously and ultimately provide a system that will prove valuable in delivering value to the product owner. I interpreted these user needs by taking note of what they wanted and worked to deliver upon them. It's very important to design a system to the user needs because they have probably researched and evaluated the possible ways to achieve their goal. I approach designing software as a collaborative process and as a data gathering tool to help achieve goals that are sometimes very ordinary using a computer. This type of thinking will allow us to move forward confidently in the right direction as software developers by focusing on problem solving.
